README.md, before:

# hhvm-plugin

![Build](https://github.com/xepozz/hhvm-plugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)

## Template ToDo list
- [x] Create a new [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] project.
- [ ] Get familiar with the [template documentation][template].
- [ ] Adjust the [pluginGroup](./gradle.properties) and [pluginName](./gradle.properties), as well as the [id](./src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) and [sources package](./src/main/kotlin).
- [ ] Adjust the plugin description in `README` (see [Tips][docs:plugin-description])
- [ ] Review the [Legal Agreements](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/legal-agreements.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] [Publish a plugin manually](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/publishing-plugin.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) for the first time.
- [ ] Set the `MARKETPLACE_ID` in the above README badges. You can obtain it once the plugin is published to JetBrains Marketplace.
- [ ] Set the [Plugin Signing](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-signing.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) related [secrets](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template#environment-variables).
- [ ] Set the [Deployment Token](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/plugin-upload.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] Click the <kbd>Watch</kbd> button on the top of the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] to be notified about releases containing new features and fixes.
- [ ] Configure the [CODECOV_TOKEN](https://docs.codecov.com/docs/quick-start) secret for automated test coverage reports on PRs

<!-- Plugin description -->
This Fancy IntelliJ Platform Plugin is going to be your implementation of the brilliant ideas that you have.

This specific section is a source for the [plugin.xml](/src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) file which will be extracted by the [Gradle](/build.gradle.kts) during the build process.

To keep everything working, do not remove `<!-- ... -->` sections. 
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "hhvm-plugin"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Using JetBrains Marketplace:

  Go to [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID) and install it by clicking the <kbd>Install to ...</kbd> button in case your IDE is running.

  You can also download the [latest release](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID/versions) from JetBrains Marketplace and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/xepozz/hhvm-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation

Commit message:

feat: save semi-working parser state

README.md, after:

# HHVM & Hack Language Plugin

![Build](https://github.com/xepozz/hhvm-plugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)

## Template ToDo list
- [x] Create a new [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] project.
- [ ] Get familiar with the [template documentation][template].
- [ ] Adjust the [pluginGroup](./gradle.properties) and [pluginName](./gradle.properties), as well as the [id](./src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) and [sources package](./src/main/kotlin).
- [ ] Adjust the plugin description in `README` (see [Tips][docs:plugin-description])
- [ ] Review the [Legal Agreements](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/legal-agreements.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] [Publish a plugin manually](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/publishing-plugin.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) for the first time.
- [ ] Set the `MARKETPLACE_ID` in the above README badges. You can obtain it once the plugin is published to JetBrains Marketplace.
- [ ] Set the [Plugin Signing](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-signing.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) related [secrets](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template#environment-variables).
- [ ] Set the [Deployment Token](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/plugin-upload.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] Click the <kbd>Watch</kbd> button on the top of the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] to be notified about releases containing new features and fixes.
- [ ] Configure the [CODECOV_TOKEN](https://docs.codecov.com/docs/quick-start) secret for automated test coverage reports on PRs

<!-- Plugin description -->

[Github](https://github.com/j-plugins/spiral-plugin) | [Telegram](https://t.me/jb_plugins/684) | [HHVM Website](https://hhvm.com/) | [Hacklang Website](https://hacklang.org/) | [Donation](https://github.com/xepozz/xepozz?tab=readme-ov-file#become-a-sponsor)

## Hack Language (HHVM) Plugin

Hack is an object-oriented programming language for building reliable websites at epic scale

## Donation

Open-source tools can greatly improve workflows, helping developers and businesses save time and increase revenue.
Many successful projects have been built on these tools, benefiting a wide community.
However, maintaining and enhancing these resources requires continuous effort and investment.

Support from the community helps keep these projects alive and ensures they remain useful for everyone.
Donations play a key role in sustaining and improving these open-source initiatives.

Chose the best option for you to say thank you:

[<img height="28" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/patreon-96b15b9db4b9.svg"> Patreon](https://patreon.com/xepozz)
|
[<img height="28" src="https://github.githubassets.com/assets/buy_me_a_coffee-63ed78263f6e.svg"> Buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/xepozz)
|
[<img height="28" src="https://boosty.to/favicon.ico"> Boosty](https://boosty.to/xepozz)

<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "hhvm-plugin"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Using JetBrains Marketplace:

  Go to [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID) and install it by clicking the <kbd>Install to ...</kbd> button in case your IDE is running.

  You can also download the [latest release](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID/versions) from JetBrains Marketplace and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/xepozz/hhvm-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation
